Pat: (5 seconds) The picture shows a mother and a boy and a girl,
presumably her children, in the kitchen; there are terrible accidents
happening. The boy is standing on a st, three-legged stool, trying to
reach up to a cookie jar on the top shelf of a cupboard and he’s about
to fall off. The girl has put her left hand up to try and take a biscuit
from him. The mother is by the kitchen sink, which is overflowing with
water from the tap which is switched on, and it, water’s pouring all
over the floor. The mother’s holding a plate in her left hand and
drying, trying to dry it with her right hand, and seems oblivious to
what’s going on with the water in the sink overflowing; she’s obviously
trying to do the washing up. There are curtains in the window and
outside you can see the path leading to her door; and the window looks
like it might be open, I’m not sure; no, it’s probably just a sheet of
glass; leading down to the garden gate, and she’s got flower beds and a
lawn, by the looks of things, and there’s a tree through the window as
well. There are cupboards in the kitchen; they’re all shut apart from
the one on the top shelf going up to the cookie draw. The mother is
wearing um a dress with something like a, an apron in the front; she’s
got bare sleeves, um it must be summer or spring. The boy’s wearing
shorts and um shirt (clears throat) and the girl’s wearing a skirt and a
top, or a dress with a belt round it, and the boys and the girls are
wearing some sort of shoes and so’s (clears throat) so’s the mother.
