Pat: A woman is doing the washing up; er she’s not paying attention and
so the sink is overflowing. She shouldn’t really have left it running
like that. Um, outside the window there is a garden with a path, a lawn,
a tree, the side of the house or else possibly a neighbour’s house. It’s
got some bushes. Um, the curtains at the window are held back by ties;
there’s er, they’re ruffle-topped. The window is open at the bottom. On
the draining board or the counter top there are two cups and a plate;
the plate is tilted up. Under the counter top there are three, four,
five cupboard doors. She’s standing in the puddle. Um, she is wearing
flat shoes, a dress, an apron, she has bobbed hair, she’s looking
slightly frowny; she’s holding a plate in her left hand, drying it with
her right hand. Behind her there are two children; er one of them is on
a stool, a boy, he’s got (laughs) it’s rather an old picture; he’s got
er bouffant hair, the stool, the tall stool is toppling down. So it
looks as if she’s distracted because the children appear to be stealing
cookies from the jar; the lid is off, there were five, the boy’s grabbed
one which he’s passing to the little girl, I assume is his sister, he’s
got the other one in his hand. He doesn’t seem the least bit bothered
that the er stool’s toppling over. His socks are coming down; he’s
wearing short trousers and a polo shirt. The girl is reaching up, er
with her left hand stretched out; er she’s wearing a short skirt and a
t-shirt, Mary Jane shoes and ankle socks.
