Pat: It’s what I presume is the mother because she’s the tallest of the
three people, by the sink, which is overflowing, and she’s got a pot in
her hand and a dishcloth; so it looks like she’s ignoring the flow and
she’s just basically carrying on with the, the, the, with that. There is
a window which shows a scene which has got a garden and got another
house outside. Then following on round you have; in the other side of
the kitchen you have the girl and the boy. Now the boy is about to
tumble off the stool cos it is slant, it is leaning and doesn’t look
very stable, but he is determined to reach into the, to, to, to, to the,
ha, hoo, cookie jar at the top, and take as many cookies as he can; it
looks like he’s got quite a handful already. And then, going back over
to the other side of the kitchen where the mother is; yes, there are
pots out on the side and, yes, she is ignoring the flow that’s coming
all over the side. Er, but it does look like they look like they’ve got
sort of maybe quite affluent, because of the, sort of the garden
outside, and the house that you can see outside, and the cur, the way
that the cur, the curtains, and it looks like quite a modern kitchen
because it’s all sort of doors, it’s all fitted doors and er; ooh the
cookie jar tells you that it’s cookies on the front, which if you’re
trying to hide them, which I presume you are by putting them on the top
shelf, it’s a bit silly putting them in a jar that says cookie jar. Well
it is isn’t it? And, and, and, and basically, yeah, he’s about to come a
cropper, he might even fall into; oh no, he might even fall into the
mother who’ll then slip in the water and then there’ll only be the girl
who’s left laughing, and she, while, while they’re doing that on the
floor she will nip over there and she will, she will put the, the, the,
the stool straight and she will climb up there and she will get the
cookies our for herself, mm hmm. Can I finish the question? Yeah.
