Pat: (1 second) OK, so I can see (sighs) I can see three people in a
kitchen. Er, so there is an adult and there are two children; er the
adult is a woman. The woman’s er, the woman is like (1 second) er
cleaning a plate; er she, actually she, she dries the plate with a towel
er but the sink is like full with water and the water is like
everywhere. Um (1 second) I’m, I’m not sure what’s happening outside
though, sh, it’s because there is a window there. Um, yeah, and the two
children; there is like a boy er (1 second) he tries to reach the cookie
jar in the (1 second) er in the second shelf of the (1 second) er I’m
not sure how you say that, sh, in English, anyway, so. But he, he is on
a chair, he is standing on the chair in order to reach the cookie jar
and he is about to fall down, and maybe her, his sister um (1 second)
she’s like a bit, she’s laughing that he’s about to like fall down while
having the cookie, and he has, in his left hand he has one cookie and in
his right hand he’s like trying to reach the whole cookie jar, something
like that. And the girl with her ri, with her right hand, she’s like (1
second) (tuts) er (1 second) I don’t know, she’s like laughing; so she
has her hand in her mouth, and her left hand she’s trying to er, to grab
the cookie from her brother, something like that. Er, yeah, what else er
can I? So the water, yeah, so if we go back to the adult, the water is
on the floor, the sink is like full with water, and next to the wa, to
the sink there are some like cutlery, like plates or, plates and small
bowls. (tuts) Yeah, there are curtains and there is a view outside from
the window. (1 second) Oh what else? (sighs) Yeah, that, that’s all I
can.
