Oth: (?).
Pat: Oh it looks a bit like um a disaster zone, there are lots of things
happening that shouldn’t be. Um (1 second) the woman is standing in
water, the sink is overflowing, the child is about er reaching for the
cookie jar, the cookie jar and the chair are both about to topple. Um (1
second) looks like they’re living in er suburbia or somewhere, er
looking out a window. There is er, the woman is drying dishes, she’s
wearing an apron. Um (tuts) (1 second) the child (1 second) is either;
the little girl seems to be either encouraging or concerned about her
brother, who is (1 second) I presume her brother, who, who is about to
er fall over. Um, it’s presumably daylight since the action seems to be
happening er with the curtains open. Um (1 second) there are dishes
being washed and there are, well not in the sink, there are dishes
sitting by, on, on a sideboard, so it looks like a kitchen area. Er, I
see kind of a er cupboards, and er (2 seconds) what else do I see? A
plate, woman drying a plate. Er, it looks dated, it looks as though it’s
almost 1950s/’60s or something like that. Um (3 seconds) there is a
garage maybe on the side of the house, or maybe it’s the house next
door; there’s a pathway leading out of it. There’s a bit of er shrubbery
showing er and you can see, also see a tree and kind of what looks like
a hedge through the window. Um, there is a pelmet on the curtain and the
curtains are also, er have, have tie-backs. Um (2 seconds) the
perspective seems wrong in terms of the sink itself. Um, I’m trying to;
anything else? Er, do-do-do-do-do-do. It, presumably it’s also; er it
isn’t winter it is either spring, summer or autumn er because people
are, the people in it are clothed in what looks like summer wear.
Ch-ch-ch-ch-ch. There’s absolutely no colour in it, so it’s just black
and white. (4 seconds) Er, er, er, anymore to be said? I don’t know. It
also, er it breaks the frame, er with the cupboard door. (3 seconds)
Yeah, I think I’m done.
