Pat: (3 seconds) Er, it’s (1 second) people passing things up onto the
next person who’s trying to, looks like they’re trying to get something
down from a shelf. Um (1 second) it looks like somebody’s looking out
the window to do the washing up, looks like some, the sink’s
overflowing. Um (1 second) pots. (2 seconds) Um (1 second) lady’s got a
skirt on, dress on, sorry, er the children (1 second) er there’s shoes.
There’s water on the floor where it’s overflowing from the sink. She’s
got plates in her hand (1 second) or um (1 second) the curtains are
open, there’s a window (1 second) with looking out at, looks like
there’s a road, looking out the window. Um (3 seconds) they’re stood on
a s, a pair of s, a s, a chair or steps, which looks a bit wonky. Er (1
second) there’s one plate and a cup on the side. (1 second) Hmm (1
second) it’s a (1 second) cook jar. (1 second) Um (1 second) curtains.
(1 second) She looks like she’s got, trying to clean a plate in her
hand. Um (1 second) it looks like there’s water all over the floor (1
second) where the sink’s overflowing. There’s a tap, sink that’s full
with water. (1 second) The curtains are tied back. Er, one of, the girl
on the left is reaching up while the other one’s trying to put her hand
on the wall or, and get the cookie jar down, coo, well yeah, it's cookie
jar, not cookie, the cookie jar down. Um (1 second) the one on, the, the
(1 second) it could be a lad that’s on the, on the stool, it looks like
got shorts on. Er (1 second) yeah, finished (?).
