Pat: (5 seconds) There is a girl exclaiming (1 second) surprise at the
boy who is standing on the stool which is tipping over (1 second) and he
is about to fall. (1 second) They look as though they were both trying
to get a (1 second) biscuit from a biscuit jar, or a cookie jar, which
is in a cupboard (1 second) they had to use the stool because the
cupboard is quite high. (2 seconds) The lid (1 second) of the cookie jar
is off. Meanwhile (1 second) mum, who is standing with her back to them
(tuts) is obviously thinking about something other than what she’s doing
because the dish that she is wiping (1 second) and drying (1 second) um
(1 second) indicates that she has forgotten that she has left the taps
on and that the sink is overflowing onto the floor. It looks like it
might be a nice day because the window is open and the garden looks as
though it is well kept. They (1 second) are, there are some other items
that have either been washed or are waiting to be washed, um (1 second)
and I would say that the room is more than likely to be a kitchen. (1
second) There are seven cupboards on the, underneath the worktop and er
there is one cupboard with two doors, one of which is open. The curtains
are pulled back and tied up, tied back, and er (1 second) the um (1
second) window that has been pushed up looks as though it has got er
small panes of glass. Um (1 second) and um (1 second) that’s about it
really. The door handles on the cupboards are um (1 second) long thin er
(1 second) objects.
