Pat: (5 seconds) Ooh do you want me to do this now; you’re not taking it
away? OK, it’s a kit, kitchen scene where all sorts of things are going
wrong. There’s probably a mother and a son and daughter, but may not be.
Um, it looks a very old-fashioned depiction of a household; it’s very
American as well, cookie jar. So the mother is, or the woman, the adult,
is washing up but she’s distracted and she’s letting the water overflow
from the sink. Um, she’s drying up at the same time not really paying
attention and it’s all over the floor and splashing everywhere. She’s
not paying attention to anything because the two children there, the,
the boy is climbing on a stool to get to the cookie jar at the high
shelf in a cupboard and he’s about to fall over on the stool, off the
stool, and the girl is laughing at him. He’s reaching a cookie down from
the cookie jar to give her a cookie, but she doesn’t seem to be noticing
that he’s gonna fall over on a three-legged stool. And the woman, the
mother, is also not paying attention to the children; um so she is very
distracted and clearly thinking of other things. She’s standing at the
window and you can, through the window you can see the garden, er, and
there’s a cup and saucer and plate on the side and er water on the
floor. And the children are; what else do you want to know? (1 second)
Children look as though they’re about nine, ten, eleven, doing things
they shouldn’t be doing. It must be summer cos they’re, they’ve got
shorts on and the woman is er, has got no sleeves in her dress; she’s
wearing an apron, she’s drying a plate. Well I think I can finish the
question now can’t I? (mouse click)
