Pat: (2 seconds) This appears to be a picture of a family in a kitchen.
There is a young girl with shoulder-length hair, skirt, a t-shirt, shoes
and leggings, with her arm up towards her (1 second)probably brother, er
maybe speaking at him. The brother is stood on a tall stool reaching
into a cupboard where there is a cookie jar and some biscuits; he
appears to be falling off the stool. He has a biscuit in his hand and
one hand in the jar. He has short hair (alert sound on computer) he has
socks and shoes on. In the same room his mum is stood at the kitchen
sink with the water overflowing, the tap running, the water is running
onto the floor; she is drying a dish and appears not to have noticed
that the water is running. She is wearing an apron, shoes, a dress, and
she has hair just on her chin. She’s stood by the window, the win; the
curtains are open. I can see another house outside; a tree, grass,
hedges, probably window. On the worktop there are two cups, a plate.
There are one, two (1 second) three cupboard doors where I can see the
handles; one cupboard door open and maybe three or four others closed.
There is no colour in the, the picture; it is all black and white. (2
seconds) The curtains have a ruffle on the top and are wavy. There are
two taps (1 second) with one spout, so one tap pouring into the sink. (2
seconds) Let’s see what else I can see. (3 seconds) The lady in the
picture who’s probably the mother appears to be frowning a little (1
second) the young girl appears to be laughing and the boy probably a
little bit scared cos he’s falling off the stool. (7 seconds) The lady,
who’s probably the mother, has um (tuts) a tea-towel in her hand drying
the dishes; er it looks like a plate. (3 seconds) (tuts) Next to the
cups on the worktop maybe another plate. (12 seconds)
